I have 200 of my own money inside of
this site right now guys if you do enjoy
this or even if you don't enjoy just
just leave it like for me help me please
I'm going to lose this money I have no
confidence so I will just start with $10
bet on go like what does put $10 on gray
just for a little small bet just start
off just a little warm-up come on give
us a gray and okay we hit the gray okay
good that's a nice warm-up to what we're
going to be doing is it gonna be mostly
really really big bets but until those
big bets we'll just put in this money we
leave so we can exactly start at two on
two took we lose this it's okay
we'll be exactly at 200 where we want to
start from this is going to be red let's
see actually pretty close oh it's gonna
be another gray I'm almost positive next
one is going to be gray but I'm not
going in in it because it's just not
enough of a multiplier to be worth it
but let's see if it would have been gray
I would have played like 20 maybe even
more on it and I was right sick oh no oh
no that's so much money
oh okay oh that was a bad idea
oh no it's gonna be blue I already know
it I'm closing my eyes it hurts less of
it if I don't want your roll it hurt
someone to us but okay I think it hit it
already it should hit it open em eyes
okay boys I might be doing a big bed
right here I just put fifty dollars on
the red please be red please be red this
has to be red
this has to be red come on it's gonna be
like gold or something I know it like
the one side okay come on come on keep
on keep on keep yes let's go uses a
stress that uses a good bit of stress
not gonna lie it feels good this is
stupid but whatever right I don't know
if we hit this it'll be I don't even
know where it'll be yet come on slow
down aah
not even close it's red go let's do a
big bet real quick we'll put 30 on red
and then we'll put 10k on dirt on the
gold just because it hasn't been a gold
in sit a long time
there could be one soon it's not going
to be a gold but at least be a red keep
going I was right beside it back down to
150 which kind of sucks because we're
not making much room right now we're
just we're just going back and forth 30
blue I don't believe in this blue at all
but you just got to do some stupid stuff
sometimes this is one of those stupid
stuff come on come on come on keep going
keep going keep going oh my god you
don't listen to my quotes on this side
do we pretty much have to max out now
it's what's gonna have to happen this is
where it is dude this is where it's at I
did it I did it boys I did it I put 100
on red and then $10 on gold this is the
end of the video welcome
there's no way I'm hitting it's not
going to be gold let's see if it's going
to be red dude and it's not red boys it
was a good video